# Your Rental Car!

An application for a company that provides car rental services in Ukraine. The application consists of 3 pages:

home page with a general description of the services provided by the company. Stylization and design at your discretion. a page containing a catalog of cars of various configurations, which the user can filter by brand, price per hour of car rental and the number of kilometers covered by the car during its operation (mileage). a page with ads that have been added by the user to favorites. The appearance of the program should consist of a navigation (design at your discretion) and a viewing area. Home page

Technical task:
According to the layout, implement a car rental announcement card. 12 ads should be rendered on the first page of the catalog, and the rest of them - after clicking on the Load more button. If you click on the "heart" button on the ad card, it should be added to the list of favorites, and the color of the button should change. When updating the page, the final result of the user's actions should be recorded. That is, if you add an ad to your favorites and refresh the page, the button still remains in the "favorite ad" state with the appropriate color. If you click the heart button again, the ad should be removed from the list of favorites, and the color of the button should change to its original state. If you click on the Learn more button, a modal window should open with detailed information about the car and its rental conditions. The modal window should be closed by clicking on the button in the form of a "cross", by clicking on the backdrop or pressing the Esc key. In the code, the mileage of the car must be written with one value (for example, 4500). In the UI - displayed with a comma (4,500). The Rental car button should be implemented as a link that will allow the user to connect with the company by phone number +380730000000. Add filtering. dropdown with car brands makes.json - show ads with cars of the corresponding brand Create routing using React Router. The application should have the following routes: "/" - home page with a general description of the services provided by the company "/catalog" - a page containing a catalog of cars of various configurations "/favorites" - a page with ads that have been added to favorites by the user If the user entered using a route that does not exist, he must be redirected to the home page.

To work with a list of ads, create your own personal backend for development using the UI service https://mockapi.io/. Create an adverts resource. Use the resource constructor and describe the ad object as described below.
